# Group Members


Name Surname |Job Status | Motivation
---- | ---- | ---------------
Ümit Kaçar   | Senior AI Researcher & Engineer  | I like solving business problems. I am working as multidisciplinary  (biometrics, medicine, defense, agriculture, fintech, security-safety system)
Mert Bozkır  | Machine Learning Engineer Intern | I am improving Myself in Machine Learning - Artificial Intelligence areas.  I also interested MLOps so much. I want to be Open Source Contibutor in my field.
Kerem Kargın | Business Intelligence Developer  | I strive to develop the business with creative and optimum solutions and to sustain this development. I am also interested in Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Computer Vision.
Fatih Çınar | Software Engineer & AI Researcher | I like coding machines to solve problems, sometimes it's algorithms sometimes it's AI .  Interested in Deep Learning, AI in Healthcare |
Berk Kayı | Junior Data Scientist | I like to produce for need in machine learning projects .Also interested in and improve myself big data technologies and Statistical learning concepts. |
Furkan Gürkanlı | Looking for Data Science Internship - Fresh Graduate | I am a data science enthusiast and willing to build a data science career. In the mean time, I take online courses on DataCamp, Udacity and also work on projects to enhance my machine learning and analytics skills.
Semanur Kapusızoğlu | Data Engineer & AI Researcher | I live to learn and use my knowledge to solve real world problems (both in terms of technical and social means). My current research interests are streaming data analytics, AI in Production, Operations Research and Optimization algorithms. |  
Saygın YILDIZ| Looking for Data Science Internship and Job - Senior Grade |  I am improving myself in Data Science, Natural Language Processing and Cognitive Sciences. 
Rabia Filiz | Student & Applying for Data Engineer Internship Programs | I am developing myself in the field of data science and making a career plan on this. Also, I take online courses on platforms such as Coursera, DataCamp, Udacity to improve my coding, statistics, and linear algebra skills. 
Mustafa Selim Özen | Data Analyst | I am enthusiasm about Nlp & Machine Learning
Oktay Samur  | R&D Engineer  | I am a R&D Engineer. I am developing myself in NLP, Data Science, IoT Solutions and Computer vision. Also, i am enthusiast about Neuroscience.
Ecem Nur Yıldızcan | Student and part-time computer vision engineer | I am particularly interested in image processing and deep learning. First of all, I work with health data and I want to specialize in this area. I also do research in the field of artificial intelligence and art.
Kübra Kurt | Student & Part-Time Data Analyst | Being in the data world makes me feel good and safe. Because I believe that the most effective way to predict the future is to analyze the data accurately and effectively.  I develop myself and my skills by doing various projects in this field, taking part in environments such as communities and working groups. I want to be a good Machine Learning Engineer in the future and also a good Data Scientist. I am currently working on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Data Analysis. I am also learning Keras, Tensorflow, Deep Learning, Imagine Processing, OpenCV, Flask, Django, StyleGAN.
Secanur KALFAOĞLU | Looking for Data Science Internship | Data is the most important thing today. Therefore, producing studies in this field and contributing to existing projects is equivalent to investing in the future for me. My career path will definitely go in this direction. I have studies in Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Fuzzy Logic and I continue to improve myself in these areas. 
Burak Şentürk | Student & Freelancer | I develop myself in the fields of Cyber Security, Front-End, Back-End and Artificial Intelligence. I want to support open source projects. I aim to be among the best in my field by working hard. |
Abdulkadir Karakuş |Predictive Qa Engineer & Data Researcher |  I develop myself in the fields of Qa engineer, Dev-ops,Data engineer and Artificial Intelligence. I want to support open source projects. I'm trying to be a good software engineer
Emircan Sarıtaş | Statistics Student and Finance Intern | Being in the world of numbers and data make me feel good and safe.I worked on machine learning and data analysis projects with my friends using statistical modeling and hypothesis testing that i learned in school. I believe that the only way to predict the future is analyse the data correctly and efficiently because of this reasons I want to improve myself in these areas. |
